Compose-services documentation reorganization (#86)
uc-cdis/compose-services: README.md

Docker-compose setup for experimental commons, small commons, or local development of the Gen3 stack. Production use should use [cloud-automation](https://github.com/uc-cdis/cloud-automation).

> This setup uses Docker containers for Postgres, IndexD, Fence, Peregrine, Sheepdog, Windmill (data-portal), and nginx. Images for the [CDIS microservices](https://github.com/uc-cdis/) and nginx will be pulled from quay.io (master), while Postgres (9.5) images will be pulled from Docker Hub. Nginx will be used as a reverse proxy to each of the services. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setup uses Docker containers for the [Gen3 microservices](https://github.com/uc-cdis/) and nginx. The microservices and nginx images are pulled from quay.io (master), while Postgres (9.5) images are pulled from Docker Hub. Nginx is used as a reverse proxy to each of the services. 
```
